h1. Nino's Confluence Homepage

{note}Product Architect | Engineering{note}

----

h2. About Me

I'm a Product Architect on the Engineering team, focused on connecting technical architecture decisions to business outcomes. I think about systems — how they scale, how they integrate, and how they serve merchants.

*Current focus areas:*
* Platform architecture and API design
* AI-assisted development workflows
* Cross-functional alignment on technical decisions

I'm new to BigCommerce and actively learning the landscape. If you're working on something interesting, I'd love to hear about it.

----

h2. What I'm Working On

||Initiative||Status||Description||
|Onboarding|{status:colour=Green|title=Active}|Learning BigCommerce platform, people, and processes|
|Architecture patterns|{status:colour=Blue|title=Exploring}|Documenting patterns and practices I'm observing|
|AI enablement|{status:colour=Yellow|title=Proposing}|Exploring ways to activate our AI infrastructure|

----

h2. AI & ML Interest

I'm interested in how organizations operationalize AI — not just deploying tools, but building the habits and practices that turn infrastructure into impact.

*Things I think about:*
* How do teams move from "AI-curious" to "AI-fluent"?
* What's the gap between having tools and actually using them?
* Where does human judgment remain essential?

If you're experimenting with AI in your workflow, I'd genuinely like to learn what's working (and what's not).

----

h2. Quick Links

h3. BigCommerce Resources

* [ChatGPT Knowledge Hub|https://bigcommerce.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AIOPS/pages/chatgpt] — Getting started with ChatGPT Enterprise
* [Gemini Knowledge Hub|https://bigcommerce.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AIOPS/pages/gemini] — Google Workspace AI tools
* [Prompt Library|https://bigcommerce.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AIOPS/pages/prompts] — Reusable prompts by function
* [AI Governance & Policies|https://bigcommerce.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AIOPS/pages/governance] — Data classification and approved tools

h3. My Resources

* [Architecture Decision Records|#] — Technical decisions I'm documenting
* [Meeting Notes|#] — Notes from key discussions
* [Reading List|#] — Articles and papers I'm working through

----

h2. Working With Me

h3. How to Reach Me

||Channel||Use For||Response Time||
|Slack DM|Quick questions, casual chat|Same day|
|Email|Formal requests, external context|24-48 hours|
|Calendar|Deep discussions, reviews|Book time directly|

*Slack:* @nino
*Email:* nino@bigcommerce.com

h3. Communication Preferences

* *Async first.* I check Slack in batches, not continuously. Don't wait for me to respond — drop your question and move on.
* *Context helps.* "Can we talk?" is fine, but "Can we talk about the API versioning approach?" is better.
* *Feedback welcome.* Tell me what I'm missing. I'm new here and learning.

h3. Best Times to Connect

||Day||Availability||
|Monday|Meetings, planning|
|Tuesday–Thursday|Deep work mornings, available afternoons|
|Friday|Flexible, good for longer conversations|

----

h2. Let's Connect

I'm here to learn, contribute, and collaborate. If any of this resonates — or if you think I should know about something — reach out.

*Some things I'd love to hear about:*
* Architecture challenges you're facing
* AI experiments that worked (or didn't)
* Processes that feel broken
* Teams doing interesting work

----

{info}Last updated: January 2026{info}
